you know those stories about couples
falling in love at first sight and then
deciding to give up everything to spend
time with one another even though
they've just met well as confusing as
that might sound that is exactly how
amar Matt Daren and myself Thomas ended
up on this crazy journey together I'm
about to tell you how the four of us
went from strangers to best friends to
be honest the way it happened is quite
unusual and our friendship was probably
never supposed to happen but let's do a
quick read one for each other started in
the early 1990s let's start with amar
from a small industrial city in the
middle of the desert in Egypt amar moved
away from home on his own when he was 15
to pursue education abroad starting in
South Africa he eventually ended up on
the west coast of Canada for university
Darrin left Turkey when he was 18 to
pursue his undergraduate and graduate
studies at NYU in New York City and in
the summer of 2015 after graduating he
decided to move to Montreal for only a
couple of weeks to write a movie with a
friend man born in New York City but
raised in Paris ended up going to
college at McGill University in Canada
and then there's me Thomas I was born in
Paris - Swedish parents and I also ended
up at McGill University now that you
know how the four of us ended up in
Canada at the same time let's get to the
part of the story that gets complicated
and what makes things complicated is
that we didn't meet all at once man I am
at four months before I graduated
University - a marketing class see man
had founded a street wear clothing
company and my group in the class had
the task of helping him figure out an
effective marketing strategy I was 40
minutes late to our first meeting and we
didn't really stay in touch after that
but six months later we bumped into each
other in the streets and I told Matt
that I was just learning how to make
videos and how to edits but that I
needed some help so the next day he was
at my front door and we were already out
filming
[Music]
we brainstorm for weeks every single
night at the bar he was working at to
figure out how he could regain direction
in their lives while making this the
best summer we've ever had we finally
decided to embark on the massive
challenge of doing 30 things we have
never done before in 30 days and making
video about the adventure every single
day and we call this idea project 30 I
started telling everybody about this
idea my friends my bus driver strangers
at parties really anybody who would
listen and lucky enough slightly tipsy
ended up meeting this incredible guy at
a party called Andrea right off the bat
I told him I couldn't afford rent over
the summer because I was investing all
my money into buying a camera an editing
software without any hesitation he
offered me his couch to crash on in his
apartment to be my editing station for
the month I eventually ended up living
on that couch for the entire summer but
let's not get ahead of ourselves
before that something else important
happened I one of my best friend's
going-away parties I got a tap on my
shoulder for my guy who was neither
invited nor knew anybody there after
chatting for a little bit he told me he
was the only person in the world with a
legal permission to climb the Great
Pyramid of Giza
I hardly believed them but it's actually
true he also told me he was building his
own tech startup which had a similar
ideology to project 30 which we were
just about to start we hit it off
immediately after sharing some personal
stories and we instantly knew that we
were gonna become best friends and
before he left he reminded me of his
name Amara
now Amara was only supposed to be in
Montreal for five more days before
heading down to New York City to
continue raising money for his tech
startup I had space in my apartments I
offered him my couch for those days and
I asked him if he'd be willing to help
us film he accepted and during those
five days mat Omar and I came as close
to falling in love as three heterosexual
men possibly could we instantly became
brothers who were blown him away by the
chemistry and complementary skill set
the three of us had anything felt
possible and then literally on the night
that Omar was about to leave Canada it
was 2:00 a.m. and he had already packed
his bags his eyes lit up he stood up in
the middle of the living room and said
that he in had a vision and an
overwhelming feeling in his chest that
there was no other option
for him to stay so against all logic
Amara dropped everything he was working
on to stay in Canada and finished
project 30 with us and since my
apartment lease was up four days into
knowing each other he had to move on to
Andreas couch with me but there's still
someone missing in this story see Andrea
happens to be an incredibly generous guy
and had also promised his couch to
another one of his friends Darrin on the
fifth day of Project 30 Darrin arrived
to ondrea's apartment and joined us in
filming the video for that day he was
instantly sold and dropped all the
project he had planned for the month to
experience what ended up being the best
month of our lives
[Music]
two ladies
clearly he's busy we're gonna beat him
there's no idea
[Music]
they don't rate meeting interesting
strangers right off the bat seem insane
to everybody around us but sometimes
trusting your gut and letting
serendipity do what it does best really
pays off see you on Sunday
[Laughter]
[Music]